So we're gonna create a new route inside
our src/routes directory which is gonna
be called movies slash, and
then view as a dynamic parameter.
And then inside that we can
create a page.svelte component.
And we're gonna be loading some data,
so we'll add a page.ts as well.
Now, we can actually do one better
than having a dynamic parameter here.
Because we've defined which views
are valid, trending, now playing and
upcoming, we can use a route matcher so
that this view dynamic parameter
is not matched for anything that
is not one of those three things.
So the way that we do that is we
create a matcher inside src/params.
We'll create a new matcher,
call it list.ts.
And you'll remember that we need
to export a match function,
which is gonna return true if the
parameter matches and false if it doesn't.
And if were return param,
In views, which is just import like that.
Then this is gonna return true
if the parameter is trending,
now playing or upcoming, but
false if it's anything else.
Now that we've got that,
we can add that to the parameter here.
Just rename that directory view = list.
And now if we go to /movies/trending,
the page exists.
If we change that in any way, like
trendingx, then it's a 404,
it no longer matches.
This gives us some confidence when we're
building our data loading logic that we
are in fact dealing with a valid view.
>> Sorry if I missed it but is there is
there any reason you would wanna do it
this way versus just making three
routes for trending, playing, etc.?
>> Yeah, so the question was what
why are we creating a dynamic
parameter instead of just
repeating the directory?
And the answer is that these pages
are essentially the same they're using
the same component,
they're using the same logic.
And we could do it by just reusing
components in three separate files, but
then if we add a new view, like,
the most popular movies or
like the top rated movies,
then we've got to keep duplicating code.
And if we do it this way instead
then it allows us to express
those things just once.
It's also for the sake of the workshop,
it's a good opportunity to use
more SvelteKit features and
that's the main reason if I'm honest.
Yes.
>> Do you need to remove the three
awaits in the promise?
>> Yes.
All right, so,
thank you to whoever noticed that after
removing the waterfall in
our root load function,
we actually did no such thing because
we're still awaiting the API calls here.
We need to get rid of each of these.
Like that, although this is now erroring
because we're not returning a MovieList
from the fetch call,
we're returning a promise of a MovieList.
So we need to get each of these and
just wrap that in a promise like that.
And now because we're awaiting
all of these trending has
the correct type again of MovieList so.
Thank you to whoever noticed that
in the chat, that's very helpful.